-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going to learn about
Kubernetes Ingress concept name target-type: ip.
So let's understand what is ALB Ingress
Kubernetes target-type annotation first.
So this target-type annotation specifies
how to route traffic to your ports,
which is nothing but your Kubernetes ports
from your Application Load Balancer.
And we have two ways to do that
in our ALB Ingress target types.
One is instance mode and another one is IP mode.
Let's understand the instance mode first,
and then we'll move to the IP mode.
So instance mode will route traffic
to all EC2 instances within the cluster
on the nodeport open for your service.
Which means, if you remember our previous examples also,
we have created an app1, app2, app3 deployment
and we also created an app1, app2, app3 nodeport service.
So the request coming to your Application Load Balancer
will go to that Kubernetes NodePort service.
And from that Kubernetes NodePort service
it is going to your application port.
And this Kubernetes NodePort service will have
your worker node IP:port from that respective node.
And this service must be of type nodeport
or loadbalancer to use the instance mode.
That's clear.
We have implemented the NodePort service
for our previous examples.
And the default target-type is instance mode
in our Ingress resources.
Which means we don't need to
define this annotation in Ingress.
By default, it takes instance mode.
So if you see our Ingress templates defined
previous to this demo, nowhere we have defined
alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/target-type instance.
So why we don't need to define that?
Because the default target-type is instance mode
and we don't need to define this.
Now let's understand what is this target-type IP mode.
IP mode will route traffic directly to the pod
which means when the request comes from the internet
to your Application Load Balancer,
from there that request will directly go
to your Kubernetes pod.
So there is no middle man like Kubernetes
NodePort service involved here,
and IP mode is required for sticky sessions
to work with Application Load Balancer.
So that is the core reason for implementing the IP mode
when you are using the EC2 worker nodes.
But when you are using the Fargate,
definitely you only need to use IP mode.
And when we are implementing our learning,
the Fargate concepts,
we'll also know more about IP mode there.
And also they're the only option for you
whenever you want to use AWS Fargate server list.
At that point in time you need to use IP mode only
and need to define the annotation explicitly
as target-type: ip.
This completes the introductory part
of target-type: ip.
So in our next lecture we are going to practically
implement this concept and understand about it.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.